Unexpectedly
You look so cold
in bed
Quite proactive
It's all my husband's fault
Cheating just after getting married
It took me so many years
There's no place to vent
Mr. Lin
From now on I will be
your people
At your service at any time
Lin Yang
Thanks to you today
happened
so many things
without you
I don't even know
what to do
Don't worry
Xiaoqing
I will be here from now on
No one dares anymore
bully you
speaking of
where are you
Come with so much money
I
Hello
Fan Yueying
Well done
How many do you have?
The project was successful
in particular
The land in the western suburbs
can you find investors
really let me
Scratch oneself and look at each other
Isn’t it because of Lin Yang?
That little cutie
Tell me about it
What reward do you want?
dad
I want to be promoted
Group Vice President
Vice President
no
But dad
sister
you are so stupid
Still pretending to be stupid
The meaning behind dad’s words
Don't you understand?
Fan Jian
What do you mean
No matter how awesome you are
What's the use?
I can never do it for the Fan family
Spreading branches and leaves
Remember
you are never the one
With handle
Is it just you
Like this now
It can also be regarded as a
With handle
You dare to mock me and you
shut up
I'm not dead yet
As if I don't exist, right?
dad
The land in the western suburbs
I've already inquired about it
He is a mysterious rich man
A thousand gold pieces for her
If not
She sleeps with others
who can give it to her
Invest 100 million
you
Speechless
like you
Little cute
In addition to sleeping with others
What else can you do?
OK
Jian'er
You should also say less.
Yueying
Take the project in your hands
Leave it all to Jian'er
Let him finish it off for you
Why
Just because you are a woman
Still an illegitimate daughter
my good sister
have you forgotten
you have been betrothed to
Mr. Zhao from the Zhao family
You'd better think about it carefully
How to serve well
In-laws
Walk
Lin Yang
Didn't you say
Do you want to support me?
Come out for a drink with me